Sister-in-law, your marriage with the boss is settled
Let's celebrate tonight
Promise them
Otherwise, they will make a lot of noise.
The boss agreed
Don't get drunk, don't go home
Well, it really is an old veteran
Good wine dad I lost money
I'll send Yaoyao back to rest first
Come to Yaoyao and go back to sleep
Sister-in-law, you are really amazing
I've known the boss for so long
It's the first time I've seen him so gentle
Was Zhou Yuesheng serious before?
It's not just serious.
I'll tell you the kind of thing he used to do oops
I went to the wrong women's toilet hahahaha
Those days
Don't drink, don't drink
Drunk
No, I don't.
Just a little bit
No alcohol next time
Why are there so many Zhu Shengsheng?
Which one is my husband?
I don't want to take you home
Husband, why don't you touch me?
Can't you?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Husband, let's go to dinner, I don't dislike you.
I was wrong. The wrong person still cares about you.
husband
I like you.
Courage is not small
I'll deal with you when I'm married